mark she made in the jello in her
outside array you said Carl running
attack in the back in the chest what
he's doing by doing that is taking the
wind out of Chris honey if you're back
his AV and cramping and your chest is
heating you cannot breathe and without
wind you cannot win a match well that's
absolutely right though the less water
chasm to take the bus standing has been
a slightly he's gonna be able to kick
her out one of his bitches here he's
fight back a little bit though he found
out about it filled out in the back no
he heads to the paw dick right there to
the jaw chronic off the tongue oh my god
Paul London so I chronic still landed on
his feet don't worry brush drop-down
sohail place personal quantum turnbuckle
run it the briga that goes right across
early Ronnie took a dropkick to that
goes I'll tell you what you want to get
yourself can swing break you can cook
with rock rolls like that are the
clothesline white bass we go looking
like 12 it to campus
jamming recovered as if I knew for sure
I'd have said bye now I'm telling you my
thoughts by sentiment I feel like it's
the doctor's release for fall maybe when
somebody else because I'm a concert
that's a fuck that's what a gentleman
that's a legitimate concern too quickly
it could be anybody who we not seen in a
while maybe somebody could be returning
look at those reversed invite though oh
my god right across to me right now I
was trying to say earlier call running
and crisp honey look at the submission
hold by Carl ugly these two have faced
one another before as a matter of fact
ruddy-faced chronicle ferret in part of
a four way in the fatal 4-way match that
also included taren steele and mike boss
while lifted with Robin getting the pin
on chronic and actually outlasted three
of pcw Spanish
that was on return of the pcw he made a
mark in his return and that's when he
even started to display with you
probably attitude the new focus him Paul
London here and came back he's not
wasteful mirajane why his attention is
diverted to her I have no idea but it
was and he pays the price is very keen
asserting herself on the outside
distracting par1 into this might be
tight turning the tide for this point to
the top off the top oh my god good he's
dead a spinning heel kick pitches are
not a mid-air and now he's a dick
let me at him to County kid these are
sugar that close at cookouts I've seen
Derek Carr London has cope with in here
three maybe four times now by my count
avoiding the television title and he did
so just a few weeks ago as he defeated
the longtime champion Jared steal this
explain kelendium he is just fighting
his ass off here tonight folks and he's
about a hundred percent we're probably
close to 100 feet I've seen in a long
time well just trying to find something
a position to hit get another cinderella
story here pcw out last week's shadow
outlasting did opponent after opponent
it now it's a weakened lower back is it
going to be enough to hold on for the
pinfall victory over Paul Anka
controlling our downfall there for you
puts the same hole back going are you
kidneys gonna go for three
this something bigs coming across body
all the way slam and I'm paying 120 what
Leslie by paul london how he turned that
into a penny predicament I cannot figure
out the maneuvers were incredible you
know what after Poland it gets that many
clothes three fountains gotta start
wearing over mind he's got to start
thinking what does he have to do to put
him in my chronic health and he could
ask all the guys before you got to do a
lot more than that Chris chronic now
just he's almost dead weight on that
lower back is is your circle support
system it helps your legs and helps her
upper body and one has clearly been
through it setting up to do right now
he's holding on to the hand wrist honey
we offer you the road and then middle of
the Ring walking all the way from one
corner to the next Chris to show off and
then even those that bloody kids for his
efforts walking across the ropes is
going to cost him as chronic pulls up
count off the top crime charges now
living dead right over unbelievable
clinic trying to fight back you see the
painless face because of the back we get
a cover one two buttons up we've got
only as we got not only another fear
fall there this chronic tryna show signs
on right here pull one off the top rope
what it pays the price for showboating
let's talk about what we saw last week
action Jackson still
of the pcw career on the line 122 and he
wins his match against the dark circle
and walks away the number one contender
and heroes the legends we got our number
one contender for the guarantee title
stud and also we got new tag-team
champions is listening right heavyweight
champion in the form of Sandy busty and
Samir back to the seat going to the
lower back once again London a real of
us attack on that lower back chronic
grabs the leg kick to the side of the
head holding the leg again this story
takes power window down there both men
with the educated feed here trying to
get the invented running back to his
feet charges under going over the top
rope okay body once i'm working outside
ones here oh not well advised by Paul I
mean coming in between a second top rope
there it is brings his back he in and
shoe that goes into the hip toss her in
the neck breaker we see chronic use that
move before Becky's one matches with
that he did that slingshot style as
world brings him in a new way he's going
to try for something else here he's
going to try to put it away for good we
can't blame me TV title armor wild
karnak's had about an open paul london
and there's
thought it goes in the turnbuckle here
comes running shoulder block to the test
on the front of saint-lo pitching a
Chesterfield appalled London this time
Hogan's home it could be a rollup he's
got his one two three hope I god oh my
god we are 3 for 3 now alright this
Prince one went for Brooks all wanted
music of get killed you know Chris
Monica's gotta be second-guessing
himself right now Jeremy will fall on it
using the bottom rope and leverage but
it doesn't matter definitely reporter
doesn't see it so as far as the record
books is concerned it doesn't happen
we've got a new television get Mary Jane
going good clarity held the bottom rung
up one gang there's his legs and call
right in demanding referees Rick corners
to put the strap on it will Chris
one-fifth onions to get out of the ring
and let's all run it into a huge victory
and we got to get out of here take a
quick commercial break Clinton's and
gentlemen don't put the dial to cook
when we come back cheering seals the
fish the pcw heavyweight champion it is
thin of Steel man against from unknown
opponent
we go back